Pneumatic conveying example renewal (#1385)
chaos-polymtl/lethe: doc/source/examples/unresolved-cfd-dem/dense-pneumatic-conveying/dense-pneumatic-conveying.rst

-----------------------

This example simulates the conveying of particles arranged in a plug/slug with a stationary layer.
The geometry of the pipe and the particle properties are based on the work of Lavrinec *et al*. [#lavrinec2021]_

As the other Unresolved CFD-DEM simulations, this example starts from inserting the particles.

> However, since the initial position of the particles play an important role in the dynamics, we have an accomodation step to the case, in which particles are repositioned as shown in the following figure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, since the initial position of the particles play an important role in the dynamics, a more involved insertion procedure is used to generate an initial plug of particles as illustrated in the following figure.
```

.. figure:: images/insertion.png
    :alt: insertion
    :align: center

    View of the pipe after the loading of particles with the insertion plane.

In summary, the simulation has three steps:

- First, we run ``lethe-particles loading-particles.prm`` to load the particles. The insertion of particles is done using the plane insertion method.

> - Then, we run ``lethe-particles settling-particles.prm`` to accomodate particles in the system. The gravity is changed to the y-direction and we wait for particles to settle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Then, we run ``lethe-particles settling-particles.prm`` to reorganize the particles in the system. The gravity is changed to the y-direction and we wait for particles to settle.
```

     end
   end

> We nedd to set the periofic boundary conditions now for compatibility, but particles do not interact with these boundaries at the current stage. The next subsection explains how particles are prevented from interacting with the periodic boundaries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We need to set the periodic boundary conditions now for compatibility, but particles do not interact with these boundaries at the current stage. The next subsection explains how particles are prevented from interacting with the periodic boundaries.
```

.. note::

>     Here, we use the `Adaptive Sparse Contacts (ASC) <../../../parameters/dem/model_parameters.html#adaptive-sparse-contacts-asc>`_ method to speedup the simulation, which disable the contact computation in quasi-static areas which represents a significant part of the domain during the loading of the particles. Weight factor parameters for the ASC status are used in the load balancing method. The `discharge plate example <../../dem/plate-discharge/plate-discharge.html>`_ is a good example of the use of the ASC method with DEM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Here, we use the `Adaptive Sparse Contacts (ASC) <../../../parameters/dem/model_parameters.html#adaptive-sparse-contacts-asc>`_ method to speedup the simulation,. The method will disable the contact computation in quasi-static areas which represents a significant part of the domain during the loading of the particles. Weight factor parameters for the ASC status are used in the load balancing method. The `discharge plate example <../../dem/plate-discharge/plate-discharge.html>`_ is a good example of the use of the ASC method with DEM.
```
